Add one more example of reducing null checks. (#12077)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/language-reference/operators/null-conditional-operators.md

End If
```

> Sometimes you need to take an action on an object that may be null, based on the value of a boolean member on that object (like the boolean property `IsAllowedFreeShipping` in the code below):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to take an action on an object that may be null, based on the value of a Boolean member on that object (like the Boolean property `IsAllowedFreeShipping` in the following example):
```
